Renata/pt skimming and assignment (#433)
AequilibraE/qaequilibrae: docs/source/menus_in_detail/public_transport.rst

    :align: center
    :alt: gtfs already exists

Transit skimming and assignment
-------------------------------

> QAequilibraE has now incorporated two of AequilibraE's newest features: transit skimming and transit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
QAequilibraE incorporates two of AequilibraE's transit features: skimming and transit
```

> assignment. In this section, we'll replicate AequilibraE's examples and show you how to add

Reviewer: ```suggestion
assignment. In this section, we'll replicate AequilibraE's Python examples and show you how to add
```

The Transit skimming and assignment module consists in four different tabs. "*Periods*" is the 
first tab and it displays a visualization of the periods in the project. It also has a clickable 
button for you to add a custom period as desired. Notice that, a period representing all day-long 
(``period_id == 1``) exists by default.

.. image:: ../images/pt_assign_1.png
    :align: center
    :alt: periods tab

The second tab is "*Transit Graph*", in which you will add the configuration of the graph that will
be created. The four checkboxes at the top of the tab indicate some characteristics of the network
and you can select all that apply. The three drop-down buttons configure, respectively, the connector
method (which creates the connector edges between each stops and ODs), the line geometry method 
(which creates a LineString for each edge), and the match graph for mode. The last checkbox indicates
weather you want to save the assignment result in the database or not.

.. image:: ../images/pt_assign_2.png
    :align: center
    :alt: transit graph tab

In the "*Skimming*" tab it is possible to select the fields we want to create skims for, perform

> the skimming using a unitary matrix, and save the result as an \*.OMX file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the actual skimming , and save the result as an \*.OMX file.
```
